README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to youyd.com 👋</h1>
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-%3E%3D5.5.0-blue.svg" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node-%3E%3D9.3.0-blue.svg" />
  <a href="https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd#readme">
    <img alt="Documentation" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-yes-brightgreen.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd/graphs/commit-activity">
    <img alt="Maintenance" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
</p>

> youyd.com blog

### 🏠 [Homepage](http://youyd.com)

## PC

![](https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd/blob/master/assets/images/index.png)


## Directory
```
nuxt.js-blog/
   |
   ├──assets/                    * 需经webpack处理的静态资源
   |
   ├──components/                * 所有组件
   │   │
   │   │──common                 * 全局公共组件
   │   │
   │   └──layout                 * 布局组件
   │   │
   │   └──*****                  * 其他复用组件
   │
   │──expansions/                * 膨胀物扩展
   │
   │──middleware/                * Nuxt.js 中间件，c/s  渲染均会在路由改变前执行，需 next/返回promise，支持异步
   |
   ├──filters/                   * 过滤器
   │
   ├──layouts/                   * Nuxt.js宿主元素布局模板，默认default，目前不可更改，error为渲染失败时的页面模板，目前不可指定layout属性
   |
   ├──pages/                     * Nuxt.js的页面文件，会根据文件生成路由
   │
   │──plugins/                   * 第三方组件 + 自有js库 + 其他插件性质的脚本
   │
   │──static/                    * 不经编译器处理的静态资源
   │
   │──store/                     * 全局数据状态管理
   │   │
   │   ├──*******                * 各数据模块
   │   │
   │   └──index                  * 根模块（因为异步操作较少，目前仅用来存放actions）
   │
   │──package.json               * 包信息
   │
   │──.eslintrc.js               * Eslint配置
   │
   │──.babelrc                   * Babel配置
   │
   │──.gitignore                 * Git忽略文件配置
   │
   │──nuxt.config.js             * Nuxt.js程序配置
   │
   │──server.js                  * Nuxt.js程序入口文件（节省内存 + 优化内存）
   │
   │──ecosystem.config           * pm2部署配置（日志文件的路径需要自行修改）
   │
   └──.editorconfig              * 编码风格配置
```


## Prerequisites

- npm >=5.5.0
- node >=9.3.0

## Usage

```bash

# install dependencies python2.7
$ npm install [--python=python2.7]

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ npm run dev

# build for production and launch server
$ npm run build
$ npm start

# lint test
$ npm run lint

```

## Author

👤 **GuoGuang**

* Github: [@GuoGuang0536](https://github.com/GuoGuang0536)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2019 [GuoGuang](https://github.com/GuoGuang0536).<br />
This project is [MIT](https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

:rocket: Added Alibaba cloud description

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to youyd.com 👋</h1>
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-%3E%3D5.5.0-blue.svg" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node-%3E%3D9.3.0-blue.svg" />
  <a href="https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd#readme">
    <img alt="Documentation" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-yes-brightgreen.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd/graphs/commit-activity">
    <img alt="Maintenance" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
</p>

> youyd.com blog

### 🏠 [Homepage](http://youyd.com)

## PC

![](https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd/blob/master/assets/images/index.png)


## Directory
```
nuxt.js-blog/
   |
   ├──assets/                    * 需经webpack处理的静态资源
   |
   ├──components/                * 所有组件
   │   │
   │   │──common                 * 全局公共组件
   │   │
   │   └──layout                 * 布局组件
   │   │
   │   └──*****                  * 其他复用组件
   │
   │──expansions/                * 膨胀物扩展
   │
   │──middleware/                * Nuxt.js 中间件，c/s  渲染均会在路由改变前执行，需 next/返回promise，支持异步
   |
   ├──filters/                   * 过滤器
   │
   ├──layouts/                   * Nuxt.js宿主元素布局模板，默认default，目前不可更改，error为渲染失败时的页面模板，目前不可指定layout属性
   |
   ├──pages/                     * Nuxt.js的页面文件，会根据文件生成路由
   │
   │──plugins/                   * 第三方组件 + 自有js库 + 其他插件性质的脚本
   │
   │──static/                    * 不经编译器处理的静态资源
   │
   │──store/                     * 全局数据状态管理
   │   │
   │   ├──*******                * 各数据模块
   │   │
   │   └──index                  * 根模块（因为异步操作较少，目前仅用来存放actions）
   │
   │──package.json               * 包信息
   │
   │──.eslintrc.js               * Eslint配置
   │
   │──.babelrc                   * Babel配置
   │
   │──.gitignore                 * Git忽略文件配置
   │
   │──nuxt.config.js             * Nuxt.js程序配置
   │
   │──server.js                  * Nuxt.js程序入口文件（节省内存 + 优化内存）
   │
   │──ecosystem.config           * pm2部署配置（日志文件的路径需要自行修改）
   │
   └──.editorconfig              * 编码风格配置
```


## Prerequisites

- npm >=5.5.0
- node >=9.3.0

## Usage

```bash

# install dependencies python2.7
$ npm install [--python=python2.7]

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ npm run dev

# build for production and launch server
# If you don't want to upload Alibaba Cloud, mark the following code as a comment
# upFile('')

$ npm run build
$ npm start

# lint test
$ npm run lint

```

## Author

👤 **GuoGuang**

* Github: [@GuoGuang0536](https://github.com/GuoGuang0536)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2019 [GuoGuang](https://github.com/GuoGuang0536).<br />
This project is [MIT](https://github.com/GuoGuang0536/youyd/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.
